Jaipur is one of the most popular cities in India, specially known for its royalty, traditions and culture. Apart from these factors, Special food of Jaipur is also something, visitors cannot afford to miss. The well-known special mouth-watering delicious food has its own varieties and taste.


2. Jaisalmer is a desert spot with age-old culture and tradition. The cuisine of Jaisalmer is unique when compared to other spots in Rajasthan. Jaisalmer cuisine mirrors the richness in their culture and their closeness to the desert. You can easily find a rich wholesome meal here. Unlike other parts of Rajasthan, Jaisalmer does not rely more on oil or butter. You can find many dishes with shredded vegetables. Desert ingredients like beans, capers and spices are commonly used in this cuisine.


3. Udaipur is a part of a large state, Rajasthan that managed to keep its royal heritage as a culture of the lifestyle. When it comes to Udaipur cuisine, you can taste the heritage of the land in their food. If you are looking for a simple yet, romantic evening, the best option is to dine in a decent hotel in Udaipur. The unique spices available in the place make the dishes more aromatic and interesting.


4.  Jodhpur has a mystery in its air when it comes to cuisine. The traditional style stays the same like the rest of Rajasthan but you can find many interesting delicacies that takes the cuisine to the next level. If you have a sweet tooth, you would love this cuisine. Many classic Rajasthani desserts originated from Jodhpur. Many authentic foods are available only with traditional shops. On the other hand, there are international chains of restaurants for those who want to taste their home style occasionally. 


5. Foodies can have a great time in the city Ajmer. Along with various mouthwatering delicacies one get a chance to taste several traditional dishes of various cuisines. Both veggie lovers and non vegetarians can get various food items for sampling starting from the crunchy kebabs till many more. There are many local cafes, restaurants around the city that serve tasty food in a friendly ambience with a royal approach.
