1. A colorful amalgamation of the old and the new mingle in Jaipur. Here you will come across a multitude of forts and palaces as well as urban neighborhoods and shopping areas. And exploring these attractions offers a range of fun things to do in Jaipur.

Create a treasure-trove of memories on your trip to Jaipur by exploring the various forts, monuments, bazaars and cafes. You can also go on a camel safari, experience Rajasthani culture at the village resort, pick up Rajasthani jootis and trinkets at the bazaars and enjoy mouthwatering Lal Maas and Ghewar on your trip to this majestic city. Take a trip through the royal corridors of this Pink City and have an enjoyable experience.


2. Most of you might be searching for the best things to do in Jaisalmer while you are visiting this enchanting city. Jaisalmer offers a various number of the best visit alternatives that lead you to appreciate the most vital recorded and in addition social sights of the city. Jaisalmer, known to be the place that is known for sand castles, leave each guest charmed. Every milestone of Jaisalmer has chronicled importance; they are the foundations of prevalent Indian culture existed amid the medieval period.

A plenty of hues, ancient rarities, and convention will let the eyes of yours broadened. Check this rundown of various Jaisalmer attractions which abandon a noteworthy recorded trail and the run down incorporate Indo-Pak border, Jain sanctuary, and the War Museum. The sand dunes, neighbouring towns, customary cooking styles, religious and social landmarks and substantially more are there which eventually turn the appeal of the city highlighted.

No place better brings out fascinating camel-prepare exchange courses and forsake puzzle. The encompassing Thar Desert empowers the sightseers to enjoy different exercises like a camel safari, jeep safari, town visit and a great deal more. The vast majority of the attractions give an exceedingly agreeable astounding trek with a remarkable affair. Make your vacation a special one as you try some of the best activities here. Learn about their rich culture and history or enjoy a scenic ride on a camel you will take home the best memories of your life.


3. Well, there are a lot of us who are planning to visit one of the most favourite destinations of all Udaipur. And then the first thing that will strike your mind will be what to see there? Folks just hold your breath and get ready as there are a lot of things to do in Udaipur which will surely make your vacation the most memorable one. Referred to as one of the most romantic cities in the world, Udaipur is all about elegance and magnificence. Soaked in the alluring beauty of the lakes, imposing palaces and forts, this desert place is also known as ‘White City’ and the ‘Venice of the East’. Be it the grand celebrations, class functions, shopping, fort and palace tours, desert safaris this place has a lot to offer.

Break the monotonous and head out for some exciting places to learn about the history and admire the architecture of these places. Visit some of the best places like City Palace, Lake Pichola, Fateh Sagar Lake, Monsoon Palace, Saheliyon ki Bari, Jag Mahal, Jagdish Temple, Shipagram, Gulab Bagh Zoo and so on. Also, don’t miss out to visit some other places like Moti Magri and Bohra Ganesh Temple and try some adventurous activities which will be like a double treat for you. If you are planning a trip here, check out the best Udaipur tour packages. 

This stunning location with the immense cultural background will provide you a lot of knowledge about the age old history. So guys, check our list of things to do in Udaipur and plan which one to hit first on your next vacation.


4. Known as the ‘Sun City’ for the bright warm and the sunny weather Jodhpur is one of the most visited cities in the Rajasthan. This extraordinary city is steeped in culture, history and royalty. So while you are in Rajasthan you cannot miss this thing to do in Jodhpur which will make your vacation more exciting. Many attractions like the Umaid Bhavan Palace was and still is home to the royal family of Jodhpur, but is also a luxury hotel and a museum now attracting tourists from all over the world.

The many monuments, gardens, and temples that this beautiful city is home to provide a wide array of things to do in Jodhpur. The forts and palaces, temples and havelis, culture and tradition, spices and fabrics, colour and texture, a booming handicrafts industry and the scenic landscapes all add up to make this historic city worth a visit.

From cycling tour to desert stay Jodhpur gives you the best experience of stay and adventure. Visit some of the famous places like the Umaid Bhawan Palace, Mehrangarh Fort, Jaswant Thada, Balsamand Lake, Ghanta Ghar, Kalyan Lake etc. Also, indulge in some of the most exciting activities like Blue city walking, Dinner in Desert, Cooking classes, Champaign lunch, Bird watching, Jeep safari and Yoga Trekking. Among other things to do in Jodhpur, the markets in the city are a rich source of authentic Rajasthani antiques that cannot be found anywhere else in the world. The bustling market in the old city nestled within the winding, glittering tangle of medieval streets is definitely worth a visit.


5. Ajmer is a small city of Rajasthan where people mostly visit for a religious trip to the famous shrine of the Saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti. Ajmer is mostly considered a pilgrimage center for the Muslims but the tomb of the Saint is also visited by the people of other religion seeing its spiritual magnificence. Besides the trip of the shrine there are many other attractions in Ajmer which are worth visit and one can have a nice time in this small city of Thar.

The city has many historical places which include an ancient fort and an ancient lake too which are truly majestic and gives you a thrilling experience and memory of your trip. The city has many forts and a fine lake which can be one of the best things to do in Ajmer besides visiting the shrine.
